So for you now,
you got the title and there is talk about you fighting for the
Bantom white title against champion TJ DHA. What are your thoughts? Like where,
where are you at right now? Like what do you, what.
Are your goals? It's, it's a beautiful time to be, uh, to be the champ. <laugh>,
<laugh>, there's, uh, there's, there's tons of tons of options show.
You know, where's your contract at right now?
Well, uh, I have, I still have about seven fights left, you know, but I'm gonna,
we're gonna renegotiate cause I, I think more likely thatt fight might,
might happen. Gotta happen. That TJG fight might happen if, you know, if,
if it's gonna be a done win with, uh,
with the flyway division mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, I think,
I think the cats out the I can, you know, Dana had,
had mentioned that to me and said, Hey, you know, we, we,
we wanna take you up on that offer. You are challenging to go up against TJ,
but this is what, this is where the company's been thinking about for a while.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and TJ's down for it too.
I, I don't think so. I think TJ wants to come down to 25 and, uh, I think,
I think that's kind of like, like the delay level point.
Yeah. Now, would you rather fight him at 35?
So you can get an additional title or would you rather fight him at 35 because
you don't have to cut weight or what's.
Your thought about? I don't, I like both ideas.
I actually kind of left it off to him. I says, I don't know,
but I wanna fight you, man. I said, I wanna fight TJ. I want,
I want to go out to the next best thing and that's, I think that's him,
you know, I think.
So. You don't mind fighting him at 25 or 35?
I don't. That makes.
It easier. Yeah.
That's that definitely makes it easier. Yeah. I'm just like, Hey, let's,
let's do that 25. Let's do that 35, but let's uh, let's fight, man.
That's what your, your mind is right now. That's your number one goal.
Yeah. Yeah. And, and I, I believe TJ wants to fight me too. I think, uh,
I think, you know, beating Dimitri, I think that kind of,
that's gonna help his name, you know, you know, let's for, I guess for both,
you can say, you know? Yeah.
So, uh,
but now that Demetrius has left a division and gone off to one FC to get.
<Laugh>.
BCO. Where, um, where do you think the division is right now? I mean,
um, is that one reason, like if you won at 35 and won the title of five,
would you consider dropping the 25 pound title and competing at 35?
Or would you rather stay at 25?
Uh, I would, I wouldn't mind. I wouldn't mind dabbling in both. I mean,
I know that's, uh, that's kind of, that's kind of broad, but you know,
at one point you do get tired of cutting weight mm-hmm <affirmative> and I'm
kind of, uh, eating. What do you weigh right now? I'm I'm probably about,
probably about 50, 50. Yeah.
One and, uh, I mean, losing 15 pounds is way better than losing 25 pounds.
<laugh>.
Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a little, I'm, I'm a little bigger now. Uh, because of,
because of that reason, I might, I might have to fight at, uh,
at Bantom some kind of, uh, I think more like it might happen at ban way.
What's what don't know is that actually Henry almost fought TJ when he
was the champ. When Henry Barrow didn't make weight, his first fight in the UFC,
he didn't make weight, but two hours later, Henry Barrow didn't make,
make weight. And they were looking for somebody to go up and fight.
TJ me when Joe Soto fought him, when Joe Soto fought him,
Henry was the number one option,
but Henry had already declined. Uh, he said he wasn't fighting JSON. And,
but now here we are three years later back now he's got the tent,
he's got the belt. TJ came back and won the belt. Let's do it.
These guys been beefing for, uh, for a long time.
So that's ever since the first day he ever came into the UFC,
him and TJ have been at it. And then on the ultimate fighter, ultimate fighter,
24, they had, uh, Dwayne bang was the coach.
There was like a little beef with Henry and, uh, Ben Vita, his team, Ben Avita,
his coach coach. So it kind of goes way back mm-hmm.
So there's, there's a bit of animosity too, on top of everything.
Now you're a very goal-oriented guy. Do you,
do you have your career mapped out in terms of like when you would like to get
outta the game?
I do. I do. And I think about it a lot, cuz man, I I'll be honest with you, Joe.
I've, uh, I've accomplished sure. Everything I've ever wanted to, uh, you know,
in, in my career, like I've always, I had, I had three goals and I was just,
you know, my number one goal was just to be a good person.
My good father seemed a good husband. And then after that,
was it be an Olympic champ and then, and then, and then eventually UFC champ.
So everything's kind of, uh, I I've,
I've done everything in that I've ever kind of set my mind to, you know,
those are the two biggest, the two man thing anybody could ever do. And uh,
I don't see myself fighting for more than, for more than maybe three to four.
Years.
The only other sequence you really are in this rare space where you
have the possibility of being considered one of the greatest combats board
athletes of all time. I mean, you're already in the mix, right?
Mm-hmm <affirmative> Olympic gold medalist, UFC champion. I mean, you,
you have this very rare opportunity for incredible greatness.
Yeah.
I think for the most part, I mean, I like to eventually, I mean, I,
I do a lot of motivational speaking. Uh, I've been doing that for a, a, a while.
Joe spoke in front of like the biggest, the biggest companies in the world.
I mean the Coca Cola, like the T Meritrade, uh,
Proctor and gallery billion dollar company, I just got sound by Kroger. Um, and,
and they kind of, you know, they use me for,
for that reason and I really enjoy doing that, you know,
and plus you get paid <laugh>.
And you don't have to get leg kicked.
Yeah. Yeah.
You don't have to get leg kicked and hit that nerve and do the drunken monkey.
Yeah. You don't gotta do all that. And, and it's just cool.
It's just cool to kind of share the, the, you know, the whole underdo story.
I love that people do do that. The companies have the, the,
the mindset of bringing in champions mm-hmm <affirmative> and people that are
extraordinary, what ever they do. And speaking to these, you know,
these people that work for them and explaining like what,
I mean that motivation is gigantic.
Motivation is such a huge source of fuel for people in all walks of
life. Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know,
to have a guy like you come in and talk to a company,
could have a really big impact on their creativity on,
on how they pursue goals on all, all kinds of different things.
Yeah. So that that's, so anyways, that's kind of where I kind of,
I can see my life kind of heading to now, you know, eventually I don't think, I,
I don't think, I, I think I'll always be a fan of the sport,
but I don't think I'll be involved in,
in either wrestling or fighters as much as.
I think I would not as a coach, not as, no.
No, no. It's too hard, Joe, like, look at all these, these coaches it's,
it's a relationship. Yeah. You know, being a coach is you're,
you're in a relationship with, uh, with your athletes.
Sometimes you go through these breakups and sometimes the athletes don't give
you what they want to give you. And then it's just, uh, it's a headache at, uh,
yeah. And I see that with, I see that with a lot of, you know,
I see that with him and I'm just like, man,
I don't know if I want those stress levels. It's a lot of stress.
Well, for a guy like you, you, you get across a guy like Henry,
you hit the gold mine,
but you could get across a guy who is a really talented guy. That's a flake.
And to, to me personally, there's plenty of those. But to me,
as an analyst, as someone who watches fights,
they're the most frustrating cuz there's some guys that I see and I go,
God that good. He's got the potential.
Like they can do things inside the octagon. They do things like,
I'll see guys in the gym, like,
I'll go to a gym and watch guys train and see the guy. And I go,
if could put it together like this in the cage,
the way you see when he's sparring, like some people are just artists,
but the anxiety of competition and,
and all the factors that come involved, the discipline, the consistency,
all the things that makes someone a great fighter. Sometimes there's so much,
so many different things that make someone a great fighter that wind up them up
when, when they, they actually go to compete though,
the recklessness and impulsiveness that actually makes them good.
Also can wind up tanking them if they don't sort of forge it with, with,
with some sort of like severe discipline.
Yeah. There, there has to be a training of the mind to, and,
and I think that's where people are skipping and uh, you know,
I think that's, that's where you have to understand like the philosophy up here.
Like you have to, you have to be right up top. You have, have to be right.
You have to be, you have to be literally,
you have to understand and know who you are as a fighter,
as a person mm-hmm <affirmative> and, uh, you know, to kinda,
to be stable enough to perform at when it really matters. Yeah. You know,
and if you don't have that, you can be as talented and as gifted as you want.
You'll you'll never make it. And then we see those all the time. Like,
I'd see guys in practice matter, they would tear me up and they came to competi.
They would just roll, roll over like Phish. It's weird. Right? Yeah. It's crazy.
I'm like, huh?
Yeah.
It's weird as you're coming up and you see those guys mm-hmm <affirmative> and
you, you realize like, man, there's, there's something missing and then you,
you, you you're terrified. You're gonna see that in yourself.
And I think it's the embracement of embracing pressure. Mm it's.
Something that you don't neglect. It's something that you don't shy away from.
It's something that you don't allow dam to damage you, but it's an embracement.
It's a, it's just like, Hey, bring it, man. Bring it. Cuz that's what it is,
Joe. It's the pressure that people feel, the reason why they.
Can't perform. It's what makes champions.
I remember when TJ DHA first fought he and morale. Um,
when he got into that octagon dude, he looked like he was sparring.
He was loose as a goose. Yeah. And, and I, and I saw him, I'm like,
look how loose TJ is. Like, this is a world title fight.
And he's switching stances and giving him looks and he looks fantastic.
He just looked loose and then boom, he hits him with that big overhand. Right.
And so, you know, he Morales getting up. Yeah. I mean,
and that was what TJ thrives on that kind of pressure.
He lives for that kind of pressure. Just like you do. Yeah.
Which is why I want five.
Let's do it. I want his head on a, I want his head. I want his head on a spike.
<laugh> I want, I wanna,
I wanna make some snake shoes outta attitude, man. <laugh> snake skin.
I want snake. Skin shoes, maybe suit. Think you might be big enough for me.
Yeah. What, what a.